what is the latest on this stupid lady
in the chimpanzees story Fez now the
woman who owned the chimp is trying to
let everyone know how much it meant the
chimp meant to her who cares she's
really given the personal story of how
they shared a bed at night here's what I
love she spends her time now she's come
out saying I never gave the monkey xanax
now at what point should a human being
ever have to make the statement I gave
the monkey surf-and-turf
I gave the monkey wine my hand to God I
did not give that crazy monkeys Alex
apparently usually gave her a lot more
as annex so the backstory is this fuzzy
a woman she raises a monkey like he was
a person he gets all fucked up with her
he has a good time his life is pretty
nice
and then he he goes crazy one day and he
tears off the neighbors face yeah yeah
supposedly a friend of the owners and
she had to stab him to try to get him
off of the woman and here's another case
where she should have been a gun owner
just imagine if she would had a handgun
at home the woman would have been fine
yeah she would have gotten the monkey
off her off the other woman's back
that's for sure a little joke you had
there my little back yeah yeah so we do
that rather than converse we force-feed
so at this time no charges against her
right from this monkey
yeah no charges so far well look I think
it's about time to drop it I mean quite
honestly I feel bad for the woman she
had a you know a monkey it didn't smoke
in here somebody's in that smoke it's a
thank you boy
listen up this the Nature Boy and every
now and then in the big scheme of things
in the grand plan of the universe in the
evolutionary design Corrections have to
be made and a species has to be taken
down a notch
and I'm talking about you Travis the
chip first of all let me say Travis I'm
the Nature Boy and I liked your style
you are diamond cut filet mignon and
lobster you were sleepin and a big brass
bed you were drinking red wine of Papa's
ethics but you were Courtney Love you
were living a lie only a few of us know
about and I'm talking about look good
like hey I was with you brother because
you know I grab the biggest car to the
biggest house in the biggest part of
town every day of my life but that's
where you made your mistake my hairy
friend that wasn't good enough for you
the Blues the prescription drugs just
weren't enough puppet man you had to
have more the lobster wasn't enough so
you had to eat a woman's face that's
where we draw the line Jeff a Wow
this is where we step in and say you
know what Travis except you may party
like Horseman you may live like Horseman
but you are no parts men sure one side
flat Mary Hartnett chicken wing cross
space for changing her hairstyle but I
never ate a woman's eyeballs I have to
fly see for that that's why you have to
be taking out Travis there's a food
chain oh that's planet and you are not
at the top sure some of you Apes that's
some big wins every now and then you
grab a pretty blonde and climb a
building but what happens after that
Wow and maybe in a ragged tank you get
lucky I make a Clint Eastwood movie
where a chimp could go to live with
Michael Jackson
I never land ranch but then nature makes
a correction or should I say la nature
but makes that correction sorry chip but
you are near the bottom of the chain
just above mines then at the top you've
got humans and just above that you've
got us and me not for you not for anyone
ma'am or my game now I so you may not
like it but you had better learn to the
only nature border surround aphasia